HOW TO LOST WEIGHT IN 15 DAYS:

Today I am going to share the sure-shot tips to lose your weight naturally within 15 days without going to the gym.

Drink Water: Make it a habit of drinking 3 to 4 liters of water daily, as this not only improves our immune system but also reduces our hunger for food. But there is a star in it, drink only WARM water, remember only WARM not hot and drink before every meal or food you intake. And also drink it sip by sip, not in one go.
Timely: Always remember, the best way to reduce weight is by eating on time. As I say eating on time I mean to say, have your breakfast between 8 to 9 o clock, lunch at 2 o clock and dinner around somewhere between 7 to 8 o clock. Time duration is very important as this gives food a proper time to digest in our belly.

Small meals: No other way works except this. Let me explain to you with my example- I am very foodie or you can say the food is everything to me and this habit of eating a lot at one time, made me FATTY.
Then one fine day my friend suggest me to take small meals, it sounds very harsh to me but when I try, I thank her a lot.
Small meals not only reduces your craving or hunger for the tasty food but also open many options to eat. To be very honest, now I eat a lot but not in one go, only in small portions after every hour.
TRUST ME-Try this, this will work, I guarantee for this.

Fast food: Everyone knows about this formula but no one tries it as it’s very tough for people like us who love the food very much. But if you genuinely want to reduce weight in less time, then sorry to say, you need to forget the fast food or I would say taste needs to be a sacrifice.

Change the food you eat: All the above things are incomplete without this. By changing the food, I don’t mean to say change your religion from vegetarian to non-vegetarian but I want to say eat more pulses and fewer chapattis. For example, if you eat at one time 4 chapattis, then make it 2 and eat more bowl of pulses with a salad bowl. This way you feel more energetic and also not remain hungry.

I only recommend those tips which I tried and the above tips helped me to reduce my weight 6 to 7 kg. As everyone said, do gym as this is the way to reduce the weight. It’s true but the gym also not show proper results without these tips.
According to my personal experience, the gym gives instant results but these tips not only affect your body but also give the benefits for the long term.
